Good morning, family. Praise the Lord.
Day
59. I hope you all enjoyed the
Christmas lights yesterday. We sure did; it
was awesome. Walking around,
Megan seemed to have a real good time.
She liked to look at the ducks
more than anything; she
wanted those ducks to eat that popcorn
so bad. We stood there for a while off-camera
and tried
to get
those ducks to come over, but those
ducks were not having it.
God is so good; I love all His little
creatures He's made. Like Bob
Ross—he
takes
Peanut the pocket squirrel and
has those little pigeons and
all that stuff he used to carry
around with him when he was painting
those
pictures. We loved all that; we still
watch those reruns. My son
used to pretend he was Bob Ross and
paint pictures for me.
God is good, and
I just love His nature.
Thank you for joining
us yesterday; we appreciate it, Diana. We
think it's fun and thought about doing
more vlogs like that so you
all can see our day and go
around with us,
but it's
something different every once in a
while. We made fun of it
regarding
the Bubba and
the drones flying over. They
don't just fly over Oklahoma;
they're looking for
something. Those are military; they have
to
be. We have one of the most
top-secret
governments in the world, and
you're telling me we have hundreds of
these drones flying around and
they're like, 'Well, we don't know what
they are'? Baloney,
y'all! They do know what they are. I
told you this is something they're
going to start using all the time; this
is going to be a
way of life for what's coming.
They're going to start using these
drones
everywhere. We don't even have the
next administration in, and he's talking
about shooting them out of the sky
because
he's not being briefed on the security
all the way, it sounds like. For
people to sit there and say, 'Well, I got a
prophetic word,'and some people
saying it's
aliens—maybe
I'm wrong, maybe it is, but I
feel in my heart it's a desensitizing of
things. We are
seeing the Beast
system unfolding right in front of our
faces:
how they're going to use
technology to track you.
They're just playing a poker match and bringing out their
cards,
showing you they have a
full
house. They're
one-up
on you, and you're still
stuck on the technology from five or ten years
ago. They're
light-years
ahead of you. They've got technology that
you don't have any clue about. I've
told you about that pulse thing that
they're going to bring out
for
crowd control. If they can't
use firearms on people, they're
just
going to knock people out in the
crowd, and it will look like they
just passed out
everywhere instead of using gas
or
smoke from riots.
Whenever people are looting
and acting
nuts, they use gas and
pepper spray
to
make the
crowds
obey. They'll just use this new
technology, and people
will
fall like
flies. I'm telling you, it's coming.
When I went to tribulation with the Lord,
all the things He showed me
we're starting to see more
and more on the
news. You all don't realize how
close we are to His coming. I told you we
would start to see more
signs in the heavens, and the
drones are just part of
the
surveillance in society. They're going
to start doing this in China, Europe,
and
the Middle East. We're going to start
seeing this everywhere, and people will
become more used to it instead of saying,
'Is it delivering a package?'No, it's
just a police drone circling
and surveilling the area to make sure
people are safe. Interesting.
So, nothing to be alarmed about, folks.
Jesus is coming; this is just part of the
Beast system coming to pass. It's
exciting because I know what comes
next: a massive
revival that's about to take place
and
an outpouring of finances.
The Lord showed
me even this
yesterday. When I was driving
home from the lights, the Lord said,
'Brandon, I want you to drive around for a
bit;
I have some things I have to talk
to you about.'I told Diana, 'We
can't go home yet; the Lord wants
to talk.'So I just started driving
and praying in the spirit.
Deep groanings came in the
spirit; I started interceding, and
it was like a waterfall coming up
out of
me. Diana and the kids were just
praying and
interceding for what the Lord wanted
to talk about. It was about
what's coming with the
finances; He was giving me
impartation
about what's coming.
He told me we're not
believing big enough
and
to enlarge our capacity in our minds to
think bigger by reading His word, to
believe Him for
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. He said, 'I
want you to think about that: how much
can you think
for over and above all that you
think?'I
can think some big things, folks. Can you
believe God for big?
You have all kinds of hopes,
desires, and dreams, don't you?
As a man thinks
in his heart, so is he. The Lord was
showing me, 'Brandon, I'm going to
do even
exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
me for or
think.'He
was talking about the thinking part
because people can think big, but He said,
'Brandon, you've got to even think bigger
than what you
think because of what I'm about to do in
this earth.'Folks, He's about to show up
and show off in your life.
I hear the sound of an
abundance of
rain, and the camels are
coming, loaded down with
everything you've been believing God for,
everything you've stretched your hand
out and sowed to believe sacrificially.
Do you ever take a calculator
to
what you've sowed over the course? Maybe
you have a record of it.
Even the seeds that you may have
forgotten about, ask the Holy Spirit
to
help you remember
all the things that you have sowed in the
past. He said some thirty, some sixty, and some
hundredfold.
Take a calculator and do the math
on what is being laid up
for you. Seedtime and
harvest: seed sowing is a law, but harvest
is a law just as much.
The Lord told me that
reaping
is just as much a law as
sowing.
We have got to learn that
it's time for us to reap. He said you
will reap if you faint not.
But a lot of you give up
on your old seed. You
go, 'Well, it didn't come to pass
over the last five years, so I guess
that seed's
dead.'I
believe the Lord said the seeds you
have sowed in the past will come to
harvest at last. In
2025, you're going to see a multiplication
of
your harvest time. The
sowers
and the reapers are going to
start going hand in hand, and as you
sow,
you're going to start to reap
instantaneously. What you say out of your
mouth and what you believe in your heart
is going to start to come to pass. I
believe with all my heart this is a time
for you to believe
big: spiritually, physically, emotionally,
and
mentally. You may say,
'I don't need finances; I'm rich.'Well, you
may need something in your body.
God is a healer, and He said,
'Beloved, I wish above all things that you
prosper and be in health, even as your
soul prospers.'Prosperity is not just
about finances; it's about living in
wholeness mentally, emotionally,
physically, and financially. Your
marriage—people
go, 'I'm
rich and whole in my body, but my
marriage is terrible and my kids talk to me
terribly.'That's
not whole. He wants
you to be made whole
through everything abundantly above all
that you dare ask or think.
I want my marriage good,
my children healthy,
my health good,
and
a
good job.
Do you see? He wants you to live
an abundant life. The
Lord told me from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, which
was last October, you'll start to
see first the blade, then the ear, then
the full manifestation on that
ear. The Lord told me you would start
to see the glory in different
levels: ankle-deep,
knee-deep, waist-deep,
and over the top. It's
time to go down to the bottom of that
pool at His altar. I believe it's a time
like never before that we are joint
heirs
of Jesus Christ and we display
kingliness. We show it off
so
that people see that inside of us.
Yes,
all this stuff's going on around us, and
there's a lot of drama
on the news
every day. But my
goodness, y'all, we're about to see the
glorious church rise and
the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever known. It's all going
to come through you, for you were called
to the kingdom for such a time as this.
I'm seeing
people freaking out on the
news, but
it's just part of it. They're
using the drones for surveillance;
they're looking for something. It's not
aliens
or
spooky stuff;
it's
technology you don't even realize they
have. They're orbs and all this
other stuff coming in and out of the
water.
We're looking at AI
technology
now, but they've had AI for
probably twenty years and just never brought
it out to the public until
now. What are they hiding
behind closed doors
that's 'freaky
out'stuff?
Like the
AWACS
or
the stealth bomber—that was
a big deal, but how long did they have
that before they brought it to
the
public?
That technology is ancient compared to
what
they're doing now. Trust me,
they've got brilliant people
using technology and computers
that would blow your mind.
The
drone is old
news, but they're going to use them and
it's going to become mainstream. It's
going to be
like the
Terminator; they'll have
robots out fighting battles
soon. They won't even put
soldiers on the field; they'll be
fighting robots.
Seriously, that's what
I told you all we're about to see. And
over Poland, I believe
by Warsaw, a weapon that has
never been used before on this
earth—something
catastrophic. We pray
against it, but we will see wars,
rumors of wars, plagues,
and pestilence. AI technology
is creating a superbug. I told you
that was coming; it's still coming.
When I've been
interceding, things have been delayed
because the
Lord
said, 'My people prayed in
October.'As
He said in His
word: 'If my people who are called by my
name will humble themselves and pray and
turn from their wicked
ways...'It's
happening, folks. He is a God of His word.
He stands by His covenant.
Now
He's watching to see what we will do
with it. Will you go back into your
slumber? He said,
'I'm giving you
a window; what will you do with
it?'I'm
seeing on the
other side of that window, and
very dark days are
coming.
What will you do with this time?
I'm telling you, the rocket ship is
taking
off, and Trump is going to bring in a
whole new system. In the dot-com era of time
with Elon Musk, it will be just like
then
whenever they brought in the internet.
When they brought in the internet,
everything changed. I remember as a
kid we thought it was cool just to have
a Nintendo or a Sega. We had a Sega and
we played those games, and boy, that was
big technology then. Those little
guys on the screen look so goofy
now when I look back at that, but that
was so cool as a kid. Boy, we wanted to
play that every day we got home from
school. My goodness, it was a big deal. But
now we
look at what they have, and then the
internet came out and we didn't know
what it was. So we did the AOL chat
online thing; we talked to those people
from all over
the world. My sister would go
in there and they had those chat rooms,
and we thought this was the coolest thing
ever because we're talking to somebody in
New York.
And then it became
bigger and bigger, but they brought laws
in and they started making the internet
not like the Wild West; they made it have
regulations and laws.
I'm telling you, that's what
they're going to do with crypto, and it
will be like the dot-com
era and
it will explode in the days
ahead. They will adopt it, and it is
part of the Beast system.
It will be part of the Beast system, the
One World Currency, all digital.
I saw the dollar fall.
Remember I told you all it was like on a
flagpole?
I saw a $100 bill on the
flagpole
and I saw the
purchasing power of it went to half;
the
dollar was only
worth about fifty cents. I saw the
dollar crash and I saw digital
writing come on the
flagpole as
it
started to fade out and went into
digital, like crypto
lines. Back then,
whenever the Lord showed me this, there
was not much about crypto; I didn't
pay any attention to it. But it started
turning into digital code
moving, and that's just like crypto.
I saw the
dollar turn into a digital dollar and
it went to a digital platform like
crypto. The Lord showed me the
dollars in the bank
were
worthless and the bank seized them. And
I've warned you—this is another thing
the Lord showed me—that the banks would
not loan soon, that the house of cards
would fall, and that you would see
interest rates and everything skyrocket.
Soon there would be a loaning freeze. The
banks would not loan the money because
of the credit and all of the
debt of America.
I saw banks not loaning
money out on houses and cars.
I'm telling you, a
1930s-style
crash will come eventually;
you will see this. I saw a great
humbling
coming. But before
I saw this coming, I saw a
wealth
transfer. And that's why I always thought,
'Lord,'because
whenever I'm seeing a part
or
hearing a part, I think, 'Well, it's right
in front of my face; it's going to
happen.'But
the Lord has always shown me that
there was a group of people—he calls
them the
Remnant. The Remnant will walk in a
financial blessing and
prosperity—not
everybody, because he told me,
'Certain people will make it to the
starting
line, Brandon. They will make it to the
starting line because they've listened
to all the prophetic voices, but they
will not run the race and make it
because it's a marathon.'Because they're
not listening to me, they will not be
able to listen to the people on the
internet for what's coming; they have to
have a personal relationship with me
so that they will make it through the
marathon for what's coming. I saw
a group of people, and it
was a very small group, like half a
percentage—like
a 1% group—that walks in
an extreme amount of wealth. I saw
the megachurches that had mega loans,
huge loans on their buildings; I saw them
being foreclosed on because
when the dollar crashes and things
happen, the people will not be able to fund
those megachurches. So the banks will recall those loans
and
foreclose on
those buildings because they don't want
the churches going anyway. But I saw all
this stuff taking place and I saw people
having revival in fields. I saw,
like I told you all, 'Holy Ghost
Woodstock.'I
see things over the course of
the last five years of what he showed me,
and
whenever I can put them together, you
can make a picture of what he's trying
to say because all of them connect
like a puzzle. But he said the
finances would happen first, and that's
whenever I saw the Iraqi Dinar
re-establishing. I saw XRP; I saw these
cryptos; I saw this stuff happening first.
And then I saw a wealth transfer. I saw
the abundance of money come into the
Body of Christ, and then I saw them
distributing it and
learning how to keep it so
they don't lose it. And then I saw a
crash. When this happens, I saw
those people able to help take care of
the ones that didn't have
it, making sure the Gospel did not suffer,
making sure the Gospel was taken care of
and that God's word still got out,
because it takes finances to do that.
I'm telling you, the Lord's not going to
lack
any good thing. He knows what's
coming and just like he told
Joseph—I
heard him say, 'Just like I took
care of Joseph, Brandon, for the seven
years of plentiful and seven years of
famine, I'm going to do the same with you
to the ones that are listening.'But see,
Joseph was the only one that
heard it, and he told all the others
because he interpreted the dream.
They brought in the stuff and then he
took care of the ones that needed it. But
it made them into bondage because they
weren't listening for it
themselves. You have to
follow the voice of the Lord for your
life for what's coming. It is vital that
you make it through this for your family,
that you hear him on what's coming. Folks,
very hard days are
coming for folks; some of
them are going to go without, and it will be
a very humbling time. People will say,
for what I have seen coming, that
this is an
Ichabod—God
is mad. But he said, 'No, it's
not an Ichabod.'Do you
understand? For some of the things I've
seen coming, you say, 'Brandon, you
told us all this was coming in
2025.'The
Lord said, 'I'm giving you extended
time because you
prayed.'He
said, 'I want not that one
should perish, but all come to
repentance.'But
in this timeframe, because we prayed
and we see Trump coming and we see him
bringing in the crypto, we see him doing
this—he's
establishing the Beast Kingdom.
It is what
it is, folks; it's what's going to happen
regardless of what we want
to see happen. This is Bible, and
we will see a One World
Currency. I believe there are certain
cryptos, the Five Pillars, that will be
the foundation for a one
currency. But it's all done by
computers, and it will be done by the
chips, and it will be done by satellites,
and it will be done all by this weird
stuff going
on—drones
and how they track people. So
we're seeing it, and it's exciting
because I know what's coming next, and
Jesus is getting ready to come back for
his bride. But it's not time
yet; he wants a
harvest. People get mad about that
and say, 'Well, I hope he's coming back
tomorrow,'and
I'm like, 'Yes, but your
cousin that's not born again is going to
go through the Tribulation; they have a
great opportunity to go to
hell.'I'm
telling you, there's a
lot of people that I'm believing God for,
like an Elon Musk or a Kim Kardashian or
Taylor Swift or
some major actor that needs Jesus Christ.
If they don't get him, they're going
to hell. I'm like, 'Man, what an
opportunity to win the lost! What
an
opportunity to show them and
display Jesus to these people, to lay
hands on the sick and see them
recover.'That
we would be those people that are
the salt of
the earth, that they show the light
like never before. So I don't know,
I'm excited, y'all. I know I've talked
about this before, but it
needs to be talked about again
and again because I know faith cometh by
hearing, and it will help you
to know what's coming. The drones
are
just part of the
plan.
And then we see Elon Musk talking
on this video
about the cure for cancer and
it
being held back, and that it's
really there. I told you all, I prophesied
this, and I told you that a cure for
cancer is coming. He even talks about
the company, but it's not the company
that the Lord showed
me—this
was a supplement. But Elon
Musk
said it's a pill, and it delivered his
friend's mother from stage four cancer;
they gave her five months to live
and her taking this pill completely
cured her body. The Lord said, 'I will
make cancer a thing of the
past.'We're
seeing
what he's talking about, and it's
being held up. The Lord showed me
this is being blocked by a demonic
stronghold; take authority over it. And
RFK—I
believe I just got that
right—RFK,
I believe, will go in and release this
stuff to the people because he wants
people to get better. I believe it because the
Lord told me it's personal with him. So
let's just believe God for people to
have a
backbone. Let's believe God that
we have good days ahead of us, that the
church will stand and be that
light—that
we're not broke, busted, and disgusted,
with
people looking at
us going, 'I just want to stay
away from those
hypocrites.'That
we
finally
show up and show off
Jesus; we draw people to
Jesus. My job on this channel is to
always turn you towards him, to
look to him, to have a relationship with
him. So Father, we just thank
you for your word. We thank you for the
signs of the times and where we are in
these last
days. Thank you,
Father. Thank you, Lord, that we shut the
doors that are open, because when we open
the doors, the enemy comes in
and
tries to wreak havoc in
people's
lives. So we shut the doors to sin, we
shut the doors to addiction, we shut the
doors to strife, we shut the doors to
alcoholism, to drugs, to
cigarettes, to pornographies, to
cussing—to
whatever. We shut the door to
sin. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
said that we are overcomers by the blood
of the Lamb and by the word of our
testimony. I thank you, Father, that
you've redeemed us and you've set
us free from
the bondage from hell. We will not
bow our knee to
Baal
anymore. We
worship and we will honor our
covenant with you, Father. I thank you
that you've set us free
by your word. As we renew our
mind with the word of God, as we renew
our thinking with the word of God, you
said, 'Renew your mind daily.'For he
said, 'If ye abide in me and my words
remain in you, ye shall ask what
ye
will and it shall be done.'I thank
you, Father, that we ask what your word
says;
we ask and we believe for big. We
believe for exceedingly abundantly above
all that we dare ask or think.
Father, I speak to their bodies,
I speak to their hearts.
We
pray over their hearts and we have
authority over those hearts. We have
authority over those lungs, we have
authority over their digestive systems,
we have authority over their livers and
over their colons and over whatever they
may need, Lord. You said we have
authority in all three realms: Heaven,
Earth, and Hell. We say in the name of
Jesus, 'Cancer, you are a name, and at the
name of Jesus, you are underneath our
feet.'We
speak to that cancer in the name
of Jesus and their bodies and we say, 'Go
now in Jesus'name.'Breast cancer, you go;
colon
cancer, you go; polyps, go in
Jesus'name.
We call pancreas and liver and
all kinds of leukemia and all kinds
of things that deal with the
blood—we
say you are healed and whole and well in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that
you're the God of all that we need, all
that we dare hope or imagine or think.
In our bodies, Lord, you
said you took our infirmities and
you bore our sicknesses. I thank you,
Lord, according to your word, that by your
stripes we are healed. We believe
that, Lord, that we have a covenant with
you. We thank you, Lord, that we're
healed and whole and well, and we receive
it now.
You already paid the price; you already
delivered us from sickness
and
disease. I thank
you, Father, that your healing power flows
on the inside of them right now in the
name of Jesus, from the top of their head
to the soles of their feet;
nothing's too big and nothing's too
small. Jesus paid the price for it all.
I believe, Father, for their healing
over their body. For high blood pressure,
we thank you, Lord, that high blood
pressure is healed. We thank you, Lord,
that
diabetes is
healed. I thank you, Lord, that even
glaucoma, cataracts, ear problems,
deafness—we
call healing over
their bodies in Jesus'name. Over their
minds, that they have a sound mind, Father;
that they're not tormented in night
terrors
and sleep terrors or bad sleep.
You give your beloved
restful, peaceful sleep in the name of
Jesus. We believe that when they lay
their head on a pillow, they sleep soundly.
I
believe,
Father, their hormones are
lined up. Over their epinephrine—we speak
to their
epinephrine, we speak to their
cortisol
levels, and we say in the name of
Jesus you are healed and whole and well.
I thank you, Father,
that when they lay their head on the
pillow tonight, they rest
and they rest soundly. They have deep, sound
sleep—refreshing,
renewing sleep. Father,
we
thank you, Lord, that
you're
the God of overflow for the finances.
Father, let them be in the right
place at the right time.
It's a time of great acceleration of
favor. Father, give them
favor with their boss, favor with their
neighbor, favor with financial
things, selling a
house—whatever
they need to do, Father, they will have
favor. I call
your house sold in the name of
Jesus! We call the buyers in from the
north, the south, the east, the west, and we
call that house sold right now in
Jesus'name.
We believe for the right buyer,
Father, that's a cash buyer; we call for
cash buyers for our properties in the
name of Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that if they need a buyer for their
house, we call that house sold and we
call it sold for top dollar in the name
of Jesus. And when it sells, Lord, we'll
give you all the glory, honor, and praise,
and we'll give tithes off of it. Father,
make a vow with the
Lord: 'Father, you help me sell my
house and I vow to you I will give ten
percent
to the Kingdom of
God.'Make
a vow to Him. Father, when you sell
this house, I vow to give ten percent to the
Kingdom. Watch what happens and
be honorable whenever it happens to do
what you said you would do—sow the seed
and reap the harvest. I believe this is a
time that you will see the demonstration
of seedtime and harvest in a
greater capacity. Father, we make a vow to
you. And then say, 'I'm believing for my
cars to sell.'My dad
for the longest time would
go—he
worked at the car dealership and he
would sell cars—and he would go
in the lot and lay hands on those
cars and say, 'Father, I'm going to be top
salesman at this car dealership every
month in the name of Jesus, that I'll
sell more cars than anybody else. I
call in buyers from the north,
south, east, and west. Angels, go get my
buyers and bring them to me.'So he
would lay hands on those cars.
He was the top salesman of that
car dealership six months
in a row. They would put his
picture on the wall
for January, February, March, April,
May.
That's the way my
dad learned how to live by faith, even
laying hands on the
cars—he
sold
Nissans. After they saw him
selling cars so much, they promoted him
to
manager,
assistant manager, and then
manager over an Infiniti store and then
over Acura.
That's what I'm trying to
tell you all: if you
call
those things that be not as though they
were, and you speak to your stuff and lay hands on your house and then make a vow to God, say, 'I vow that I will give you ten percent of this, Father. I thank you, Lord, that you'll bring in my buyer; you'll bring it to pass.'I believe this in the name of Jesus. Now go, ministering spirits, and cause it to come forth! Father, I thank you. Somebody's out there believing for a job. Father, I thank you, Lord, that I have a job that's the desire of my heart. I'm going to write it down. Write down what you're believing for: 'I'm believing for a job that does this and this.'Make sure you're qualified for it and then call it in. I call this job in and look for it, and help me, Lord, find that. You may have to move somewhere to find it, but the Lord's going to bring it to pass. I believe that this is a time like never before that we will see the Body of Christ be the head, not the tail. So Father, we thank you, Lord, that we call those things that be not as though they were. We say we have jobs and better jobs—there
are
raises and bonuses, benefits,
sales, and commission. In 2025 I'll
have the greatest raise I've ever had in
any job I've ever had. 2025 will be the
year of the raise for me in
Jesus'name.
I'll have an amazing
promotion in my job in 2025.
Whenever it does, sow a seed and
give God honor for that. The Bible says
that David said he didn't give God
something that cost
him nothing. That's the way I
believe: you say, 'This cost me
something, and this is something that's
special to
me.'It's
honorable when you do that for the
Lord—sowing into
your church,
sowing
to your pastor or
whoever's ministering to you.
Help
if your church has a note on
their building and your pastor
is
believing for the church note to be paid;
say, 'Hey, I'm going to give an extra
whatever, I'm going to sow
a seed,'and
I'm believing God
for my house to be paid off in 2025. I'm
believing for a car to be debt-free
in 2025—this
is my car
seed.
If you have a need, you sow a seed.
That's what I'm trying to tell
y'all.
When I'm praying, that's
what I keep hearing: people are believing
for their houses to sell, they're believing
for
relocation—you're
wanting to be around a church
that preaches the truth.
It takes
putting your boat into motion. So
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the word; it's
life-changing. I only
say what I've seen you do in my
life.
I believe,
Father, that this is a time like no other,
that it's time to believe God for
big. There are
so many people that are believing you
for something big.
Lord, we thank you, Father, for
President Trump
today. We thank you,
Father, that he is
protected—that
you protect his children,
you protect his wife, you protect his
marriage. We thank you, Lord, that
you protect
his children from any kind of
attempts on their lives.
We plead the blood of Jesus
over his children right now in the
name of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, that
you bring in the Secret Service angels
to watch over President Trump, that no
assassination attempt will come nigh him. I
thank you, Lord, that they would stop
trying
to sell the border wall;
we believe,
Father, that the plan
of the enemy is going to
come down and that there will be
criminal accountability to this.
Now Father, I thank you, Lord, for
South Korea for all that you've told me
about them. Father, there's a great
revival happening in Asia. I call forth a
revival all around this globe, that we
will see the greatest harvest of souls.
I thank you, Father, that
this is a time like never before for the
supernatural. God, we want it, and
we are
calling those things in right now.
We thank you,
Lord, that Elon Musk is born again and
that
Hollywood will have a move of the
Spirit like never
before. Lord,
I thank you,
Lord, that you know even before we
need to know.
Father, I feel in my heart
to help people pray over their houses
today. We thank you, Lord, that there will
be a blessed year ahead of
us and we thank you, Lord, for this
Christmas season. Happy
Birthday, Jesus, we love
you. And everybody say Amen and Amen. Well,
thank you for joining me today. I try not
to go too long for the AI
technology for South Korea, but my son
can make two videos on these, I guess.
Thank you all for joining me.
My green screen fell down, kind of
embarrassing,
but now
that the white couch shows back up, well,
thank you for joining me today, y'all. We
really appreciate it. We'll be back again
tomorrow. Please click the subscribe
button, click the
notification bell, and comment something
nice down below for us.
It
was really neat because our
South Korean channel is almost to a
thousand
subscribers over there, so we're
excited about that.
Welcome to
all you that are from Korea.
We're working on a China channel now,
because
the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to
reach out to the Asian
people.'2025
will be a year our ministry will really
try to expand out into Asia.
The Lord
said,
'Brandon, I will bring a major
revival in these areas.'And I'm telling
you all, it's coming.
Well, we
always close this broadcast out with
telling y'all: put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you, and we
will see you again tomorrow. God bless
you all, and I hope you have a wonderful
day. Bye-bye.